desktop section revamp (#39)
cryptomator/docs: source/desktop/setup.rst

Setup
=====

The Desktop version of Cryptomator is currently available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. 

> Download and installation process varies depending on your operating system, follow the instructions for your operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and installation process varies depending on your operating system. Follow the instructions for your operating system.
```

Ensure that your computer's specifications meet the system requirements required to run Cryptomator smoothly.

.. note::

    We maintain archives of all Cryptomator versions along with detailed changelogs on our `GitHub releases page <https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/releases>`_.

.. _desktop/setup/windows:

|

Install Cryptomator on Windows
------------------------------

1. Download Cryptomator's ``.exe`` installer for Windows from our `downloads page <https://cryptomator.org/downloads>`_.
2. Launch the ``.exe`` installer.
3. Follow the on-screen instructions.

|

.. _desktop/setup/macos:

Install Cryptomator on macOS
----------------------------

1. Download Cryptomator's ``.dmg`` installer for macOS from our `downloads page <https://cryptomator.org/downloads>`_.
2. Launch the ``.dmg`` installer.
3. Accept the license.
4. Drag & drop Cryptomator into the Applications folder.

*FUSE-T for macOS* needs to be installed alongside Cryptomator to make file browsing integrations possible.

> We have included *FUSE-T for macOS* with the ``.dmg`` installer, so you don't need to install it seperately.

Reviewer: 1. We haven't killed off FUSE for macOS yet (I just noticed, it's actually called macFUSE now). It's still recommended for Intel Macs. We recommend FUSE-T for Apple Silicon.
2. The dmg installer doesn't include FUSE drivers. It's indeed a separate download. The dmg installer contains a _link_ to macFUSE or FUSE-T, depending on the architecture.
3. I wouldn't say that a FUSE driver _needs_ to be installed because Cryptomator works with WebDAV without third-party drivers. There is a "catch" though on Apple Silicon Macs because WebDAV is buggy so it's definitely recommended.

I know, it's quite a mess at the moment. Hopefully, we can integrate FUSE-T into Cryptomator soon and take it out of the experimental stage.

> On macOS, Cryptomator will use WebDAV volume type by default, but we recommend installing *macFUSE* or *FUSE-T* for a smoother file browsing experience.
> Install *macFUSE* if your MacBook comes with an Intel CPU or install *FUSE-T* if your MacBook comes with an Apple Silicon CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, Cryptomator will use WebDAV volume type by default if no FUSE driver is installed on the system. But we recommend installing *macFUSE* or *FUSE-T* for a smoother file browsing experience.
Install *macFUSE* if your Mac comes with an Intel CPU or install *FUSE-T* if your Mac comes with an Apple Silicon CPU.
```
